Admin overview doc (#6412)
knative/docs: docs/versioned/install/README.md

Serving and Eventing support multiple underlying transports plugins within the same cluster. Serving supports pods with pluggable network ingress routes, and Eventing supports pods with pluggable message transports (e.g. Kafka, RabbitMQ).

Knative has default lightweight messaging implementation if you don't already have a solution. Knative also has Kourier, a default lightweight HTTP routing implementation, if you don't already have an ingress that meets the requirements.

Supported platforms are Linux, MacOS, and Windows.

You can install Knative in the following ways:

- Use a [YAML-based installation](/install/yaml-install/README.md) with `kubectl`.

    This option is the most useful if you're using delivery solutions such as Flux or ArgoCD to apply manifests checked into a Git repository. This is the lowest common denominator approach, giving you granular control of the process and resource definitions.

- Install the [Knative Operator](/install/operator/knative-with-operators.md) using Manifests or Helm, and then use `kubectl` to install Knative components.

>     This option alleviates complexity by using the Knative Operator, while still enabling purpose-built manageability using popular tools. It also gives you a separation of the core Knative application definition and the ConfigMap and other changes you make.

Author: chose GitHub approach

| --- | --- |
| You can see exactly what you get. | You specify choices at a higher level. |
| You can adjust any parameters by editing them directly. | Not every setting is exposed. |
| If you make changes, you have to keep track of what you changed when you want to upgrade. | It's easy to separate your customizations from the base installation. |
| Version and audit control as YAML files are stored in a GitHub repository.| Manage custom resources using command-line tools or manifests. |

## Extensibility plugins

Knative utilizes the existing infrastructure installed on your cluster and provides a developer-facing interface between similar components. The Serving and Eventing components support multiple underlying transports plugins within the same cluster. Serving supports pods with pluggable network ingress routes; and Eventing supports pods with pluggable message transports such as Kafka and RabbitMQ.

Knative supports installing additional plugins after the initial installation, so your initial choices don't lock you in. For example, you can migrate from one message transport or network ingress to another without losing messages.

### Networking plugins

> If you don't have an ingress that meets the requirements, Knative provides Kourier from [Kore Technologies](https://github.com/knative-extensions/net-kourier), a default lightweight HTTP routing implementation. Plugins include:

Reviewer: Kourier is not provided by Kore Technologies.  I don't know who Kore Technologies is, but as far as I can tell, they are unrelated to Knative.

Author: OMG - I should have been more careful! Thanks for catching.

# Installing Knative

> This page provides guidance for Kubernetes administrators on how to install Knative on an existing Kubernetes cluster. Knative has three components: Eventing, Serving, and Functions along with the CLI client tools `kn` and `func`. Serving and Eventing are installed into clusters. Functions is not installed into clusters given that the client `func` CLI tool builds and deploys stateless functions as standard containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides guidance for Kubernetes administrators on how to install Knative on an existing Kubernetes cluster. Knative has three components: Eventing, Serving, and Functions. Serving and Eventing are installed into clusters. Functions is not installed into clusters given that the client `func` CLI tool builds and deploys stateless functions as standard containers.
```

I don't think this page needs to get into the various client installation options; Functions and `func` are also the same, so you sort of duplicated the text when adding it as a CLI tool as well as a component.

Supported platforms are Linux, MacOS, and Windows.

The Knative Operator is a custom controller that extends the Kubernetes API to install Knative components. For more information about YAML-based and installations with the Knative Operator, see [YAML and Knative Operator installations compared](#yaml-and-knative-operator-installations-compared).

Use the following steps to install Knative depending on your installation method:

**Quickstart**:

  1. Install the [CLI Tools](../client/install-kn.md).
  1. Install the [Knative Quickstart plugin](../getting-started/quickstart-install.md).

**YAML-based**:

Install using all YAML files. This option is the most useful if you're using GitOps tools such as [Flux](https://fluxcd.io) or [ArgoCD](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) to apply manifests checked into a Git repository. This is the lowest common denominator approach, giving you granular control of the process and resource definitions.

  1. Install the [CLI Tools](../client/install-kn.md).
  1. Install either or both components:
       - Install [Knative Serving](../install/yaml-install/serving/install-serving-with-yaml.md).

>        - Install [Knative Eventing](../install/yaml-install/eventing/install-eventing-with-yaml.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - Install [Knative Serving](yaml-install/serving/install-serving-with-yaml.md).
       - Install [Knative Eventing](yaml-install/eventing/install-eventing-with-yaml.md).
```

**Knative Operator**:

Install using the Knative Operator as using manifests or [Helm](https://helm.sh), or install using the Knative Operator that is  installed with the Knative Operator CLI plugin.

  1. Install the [CLI Tools](../client/install-kn.md) including the Knative Operator CLI plugin.
  1. Install the Serving and Eventing components, by either of the following:
       - The [Knative Operator](../install/operator/knative-with-operators.md) using Kubernetes manifests or by using Helm.
       - The [Knative Operator CLI](../install/operator/knative-with-operator-cli.md).

> All installations require a supported Kubernetes version. System requirements provided are recommendations only. The requirements for your installation may vary depending on whether you use optional components, such as a networking layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All installations require a supported Kubernetes version. System requirements provided are recommendations only. The requirements for your installation may vary depending on which plugin components you use.
```

The plugins (like networking or messaging) are not optional in that you need to have at least one installed.  We ship a stand-alone plugin, but you don't have to install the in-memory or Kourier plugins if you have another option installed.
